Initial Introduction + init problem statement (#1)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/introduction.tex

\section{Introduction}\label{sec:introduction}

> Datasets consist of entries where each entry contains a certain amount of meta-data fields which describes the data.

Reviewer: what is data and what is meta-data?
text i topic modeling er det data eller meta-data?

> Datasets are sometimes not used to their full potential, regarding the amount of information available within some datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datasets not always used to their full potential, as many projects only make use of some of the full data available.
```

> There exist many feature engineering method, which capture different aspects of a dataset, and these might aid in solving a specific task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There exist many feature engineering methods, which captures different aspects of a dataset, and these might aid in solving a specific task.
```

> Meta-data is describes field within a data entry which and is usually used with supervised learning as labels for the algorithm used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meta-data describes a field within a data entry which is usually used with supervised learning as labels for the algorithm used.
```
Jeg er ikke sikker på hvad dette skal betyde, men prøvede at rette.
Don't like this sentence :/

> These meta-data fields within a data entry can be used for many purposes eg. to predict new samples within a certain scenario.

Reviewer: tror jeg syntes bedre om at starte med at beskrive topic modeling og så snakke om datasets specifict indefor topic modelling. Fordi som det står lige nu snakker vi om datasets generelt hvilket jeg syntes er meget bredt.

> Within the field of topic modelling, \Gls{lda} proven successful in finding underlying topics within a corpus of text documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the field of topic modelling, \Gls{lda} has proven successful in finding underlying topics within a corpus of text documents.
```

> These topics are based on the document that resides in the corpus and words within these documents, but other extensions of \gls{lda} have included various other information such as authors, into the model, to generate better topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These topics are constructed based on the documents in the corpus and words within these documents. 
However, other extensions of \gls{lda} have included various other information, such as authors, into these models to generate better topics.
```

One of the well known extensions is the Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic} which combines the \gls{lda} model which models the relationship between authors and the documents, which they have written.
The reason for modelling this relationship is to figure out which subjects certain authors write about and how much each author use specific words. 
They also show that the Author-Topic combination yields better and more coherent topics, which begs the question whether any other metadata can be applied in a similar fashion.
What if the underlying topics, within a corpus could found with the help of features already present in the data.

> Nordjyske is a Danish news agency who maintain multiple newspapers throughout north Jutland, a region in Denmark.

Reviewer: Mangler lidt en sætning hvor vi siger at vi har tænkt os at arbejde med et specifikt dataset i dette paper.
```suggestion
In this paper, we will be taking a closer look at a specific dataset from Nordjyske and include various metadata within our topic models, to see if they can improve the quality of the topics or the efficiency of the model.
Nordjyske is a Danish news agency who maintain multiple newspapers throughout north Jutland, a region in Denmark.
```

They store their news articles within a database where they save multiple meta-data about each article.

> One of the metadata fields is the Category field, which both describes where the article is supposed to be located(within a newspaper) and also which subject the article is about. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the metadata fields is the Category field, which both describes where the article is supposed to be located (within a newspaper) and also which subject the article is about.
```
Måske vi burde beskrive alle tre metadata fields?

> These meta-data are very interesting in that they detail the data in certain ways which might be useful in some way.

Reviewer: intetsigende sætning. slutningen med 'in certain ways which might be useful in some way' er for vag

In this paper, we will investigate the effect that including various combinations of metadata information about documents will have on the \gls{lda} model.
This metadata includes authors as well as higher level categorical information.
We will be testing different \gls{lda} models using various combinations of metadata and observe the impact it has on the topic generated.
We will be using the Nordjyske dataset, and construct models that account for the specific metadata available in the dataset.

\textbf{Problem statement}
\begin{itemize}

> 	\item \textit{Including meta-data within the \gls{lda} model, does that impact the resulting topics?}

Author: ```suggestion
	\item \textit{Including meta-data within the \gls{lda} model, how does that impact the resulting topics?}
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\item \textit{How does including meta-data within the \gls{lda} model impact the resulting topics?}
```

Nordjyske is a Danish news agency who maintain multiple newspapers throughout north Jutland, a region in Denmark.
They store their news articles within a database where they save multiple metadata about each article.
One of the metadata fields is the \emph{Category} field that describes either which local newspaper the article is supposed to be located in or which subject the article is about.

We will investigate the effect that including various combinations of metadata information about documents will have on the \gls{lda} model and the topics generated.
This metadata includes authors as well as higher level categorical information.
We will be using the Nordjyske dataset, and construct models that account for the specific metadata available in this dataset.
With these areas of focus, we can define the problem we investigate:

\begin{itemize}
	\item \textit{How does including metadata within the \gls{lda} model impact the resulting topics?}
	\item \textit{How can multiple metadata fields be integrated within a topic model?}
\end{itemize}

> 	

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\todo[inline]{contributions}

```

However, the dataset that will form this corpus also often comes with various other data than just the text within the documents.
% Metadata definition
We define this other data as metadata, that is data related to the documents in the corpus, but not directly a part of the text.
In most models, metadata is not used.
However, there is some previous work that attempts to make full use of the dataset available by incorporating various metadata into topic models.

% In this paper
In this paper, we will be taking a closer look at a specific dataset and construct different topic models that incorporate various metadata.
We do this in order to see if they can improve the quality of the topics or the efficiency of the model.
We will also investigate the differences between the produced topics for various models, and evaluate their potential uses.

We will be using a dataset from Nordjyske, a danish news agency that maintains multiple local newspapers throughout the North Jutland region.
We will construct topic models that account for the specific metadata available within this dataset.

> This metadata includes author information, as well as higher level categorical information, which will be described in \todo{ref}.

Author: ```suggestion
This metadata includes author information, as well as higher-level categorical information, which will be described in \todo{ref}.
```
